Initial implementation (#1)
maximopalopoli/Conways-Game-Of-Life: README.md

# Conways-Game-Of-Life

> An implemention in Rust of the [Game of Life](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conway%27s_Game_of_Life) made by John Conway. This is work in progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An implementation in Rust of the [Game of Life](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conway%27s_Game_of_Life) made by John Conway. This is work in progress.
```

To run the game, use:

> `cargo run start 1y 1x 2y 2x ... Ny Nx`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cargo run start 1x 1y 2x 2y ... Ny Nx`
```
In your code x goes first
Also, I think that a little explanation of parameters' meaning would be useful for newcomers, just say that those are the coordinates of alive cells.

Author: Yes, I had a confusion about this because the traditional x-y axes are rotated in the drawing. For the UI version I will clarify which is X and which is Y.

The start functionality will print the status of the current generation, and advance to the next generation every 3 seconds.

> In the next versions, there will be easier to pick the points, via UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the next versions, it will be easier to select the points, via UI.
```
